Dear Mr Gramatki, 

Here is our weekly travel update to help you get around London this Bank Holiday weekend, 27-29 May. Most of the network will be open with services running as normal, but please check if any of the following affect you.	





London Underground



Central line
Chancery Lane will be closed all weekend and on Bank Holiday Monday. This is while we carry out improvement works in the station concourses.	

District line
All weekend, and on Bank Holiday Monday, there will be no service between Parsons Green and Wimbledon. This is while we replace a set of points.	




London Overground


On Saturday trains will not run between Willesden Junction and Shepherd's Bush due to Network Rail infrastructure work. 

On Sunday there will be no service between Highbury & Islington and Stratford due to Network Rail station work at Hackney Wick.
 
On Sunday and Bank Holiday Monday, trains will not run between the following stations:
 	•	Willesden Junction and Clapham Junction due to Earls Court development work and Network Rail infrastructure work
 	•	Edmonton Green and Cheshunt due to Network Rail infrastructure work
 	•	Romford and Upminster due to Crossrail construction work and Network Rail infrastructure work
 
On Monday there will be no service between Camden Road and Stratford due to bridge replacement work at Highbury Corner and Network Rail station work at Hackney Wick. 

To see the latest London Overground timetables, please click here





DLR


All weekend, and on Bank Holiday Monday, there will be no service between Stratford and Bow Church, due to Crossrail work at Pudding Mill Lane.





TfL Rail


On Saturday there will be no service from Liverpool Street to Stratford. The closure will be extended to the entire line on Sunday and Bank Holiday Monday. This is while Network Rail carry out track and station improvements as part of their Railway Upgrade Plan, as well as Crossrail construction work. 

For the latest status update on London Overground, DLR and TfL Rail, including a map of closures, please click here 

For an overview of planned track closures for the next six months, please click here





Buses


Bus users may be affected by the following this weekend. While we will try to maintain a good service, buses may be delayed or stop short of their normal destination: 

Chelsea - From 08:00 until 20:00 today, Thursday and tomorrow, Friday, and 08:00 until 17:30 on Saturday, roads in the Chelsea Embankment area will be busier than usual. This is for an event. 

Croydon - From 22:00 tonight, Thursday, until 05:00 tomorrow, Friday, Purley Way will be closed southbound between Denning Avenue and Foxley Way, with no access to Waddon Way. On Friday/Saturday, Monday/Tuesday and Tuesday/Wednesday, the road will be closed northbound between the same times, with no access to Imperial Way. This is for resurfacing works. 

Twickenham - From midday until 19:00 on Saturday and 12:30 until 19:30 on Sunday, roads in the area will be busier than usual, including A316 Chertsey Road, all roads leading to Twickenham station, and around the stadium. This is for sporting events. London Road, Whitton Road and Rugby Road will be closed before and after the events. 

Wembley - From 14:30 until 22:00 on Saturday, and midday until 19:00 on Sunday and Monday, roads around the stadium will be busier than usual, including A406, Harrow Road and Wembley High Road. This is due to sporting events. 

Central London - From 08:00 until 14:00 on Monday, extensive road closures will be in place in Westminster and the City of London. This is for a sporting event. 

To check whether your bus is affected, please click here





Roads


Road users may be affected by the following this weekend: 

City of London - Until November next year, vehicles are not permitted to use Bank Junction between 07:00 and 19:00 on weekdays. Buses and cyclists are not affected. 

Chelsea - From 08:00 until 20:00 today, Thursday and tomorrow, Friday, and 08:00 until 17:30 on Saturday, roads in the Chelsea Embankment area will be busier than usual. This is for an event. 

Croydon - From 22:00 tonight, Thursday, until 05:00 tomorrow, Friday, Purley Way will be closed southbound between Denning Avenue and Foxley Way, with no access to Waddon Way. On Friday/Saturday, Monday/Tuesday and Tuesday/Wednesday, the road will be closed northbound between the same times, with no access to Imperial Way. This is for resurfacing works. 

Twickenham - From midday until 19:00 on Saturday and 12:30 until 19:30 on Sunday, roads in the area will be busier than usual, including A316 Chertsey Road, all roads leading to Twickenham station, and around the stadium. This is for sporting events. London Road, Whitton Road and Rugby Road will be closed before and after the events. 

Wembley - From 14:30 until 22:00 on Saturday, and midday until 19:00 on Sunday and Monday, roads around the stadium will be busier than usual, including A406, Harrow Road and Wembley High Road. This is due to sporting events. 

Central London - From 08:00 until 14:00 on Monday, extensive road closures will be in place in Westminster and the City of London. This is for a sporting event. 

For the latest status update on road travel, please click here





Santander Cycles


The following docking stations will be out of service this weekend:
 	•	Rochester Row and Vincent Square, for resurfacing works
 	•	South Quay West, Foley Street, Clifford Street, Cardinal Place and Bourne Street, for building works
 	•	Westfield Eastern Access Road, for site redevelopment
 	•	Rodney Street, for works
 	•	Emperor's Gate, for footway reconstruction
 
For the latest update on docking station availability, please click here 

I am sorry for any disruption that works this weekend may cause you.


Yours sincerely,
Vernon Everitt Signature
Vernon Everitt
Managing Director
Customers, Communication and Technology	

These are our weekend travel updates, to unsubscribe, please click here